I understand why you disliked it. The developer solved the visible PIN screen, but the migration introduced a security architecture that is more complicated—and potentially less secure—than it appears.

The biggest concern

The PIN gate only protects the room if Supabase itself also blocks unauthorized document and deal-room queries.

If the browser can directly query the room data using the invite URL, a technical user may bypass the React DealRoomPinGate, call Supabase directly, and retrieve the documents without entering the PIN.

The critical question for the developer is:

After PIN verification, what server-enforced credential or database permission changes? Or is the application merely setting sessionStorage and allowing the front end to render?

If the only result is something like:

sessionStorage.pinVerified = true

then it is mostly a user-interface gate, not real document security.

Specific problems with this implementation

1. Client-side lockout is ineffective

The five-attempt lockout is stored in localStorage. A user can bypass it by:

* Clearing browser storage
* Using incognito mode
* Switching browsers or devices
* Calling the Supabase RPC directly

Rate limiting must occur server-side, ideally by invite, IP address, and time window.

2. The verification design sounds confused

The RPC reportedly accepts:

p_property_id
p_role_key
p_pin_hash

A participant enters a six-digit PIN, not a bcrypt hash. Something must hash or compare the PIN server-side.

The description also says:

The raw PIN never leaves the database.

That is inaccurate. The raw PIN is generated, displayed to the owner, entered by the participant, and transmitted for verification. More accurately:

The raw PIN is never stored in the database; only a password hash is stored.

That distinction matters.

3. Six-digit PINs have limited entropy

A six-digit PIN has only one million possible combinations. That can be acceptable for temporary invite access, but only with genuine server-side rate limiting, expiration, revocation, and monitoring.

Without those controls, bcrypt alone does not solve the problem.

4. The PIN is attached to the role, not the individual invitation

Using:

property_id + role_key

means every participant with the same role may share one PIN.

For example, if two investors are invited, they could receive the same access credential. Revoking one investor could require changing the PIN for everyone in that role.

Protection should usually be attached to a unique invitation:

invite_id
invite_token_hash
pin_hash
expires_at
revoked_at
attempt_count
locked_until

Each recipient should have independently revocable access.

5. The invite link remains a bearer credential

The system still depends on a shareable role URL. The PIN adds a second secret, but it does not establish who the participant is.

For genuinely confidential rooms, the better flow is:

1. Participant receives a unique invite.
2. Participant opens the link.
3. Kontra sends a one-time code to the invited email.
4. Participant verifies the code.
5. The backend issues a short-lived room-access session.
6. Database and storage policies enforce that session.

That provides actual recipient verification rather than “someone possesses the URL and PIN.”

6. Using a sentinel hash to check whether a PIN exists is awkward

Calling the verification RPC with a deliberately incorrect sentinel value to distinguish:

* No PIN
* PIN exists
* PIN matches

mixes two different operations.

There should be separate functions:

get_invite_access_status()
verify_invite_pin()

The status function should expose only safe metadata, such as pin_required: true, without exposing hashes or allowing unintended inference.

7. SECURITY DEFINER requires extreme care

A Supabase PostgreSQL SECURITY DEFINER function can bypass normal row-level permissions. It must:

* Set a safe search_path
* Validate every input
* Be executable only by intended roles
* Return minimal information
* Avoid exposing arbitrary room or role existence
* Prevent unauthorized writes
* Be tested against cross-room access

It is not automatically secure merely because the hash comparison occurs in the database.

8. The owner flow is unnecessarily tangled

The owner sends or copies a link, then the panel checks protection, then the owner authenticates by email OTP, then generates the PIN.

The owner should already have an authenticated Kontra session. Generating or resetting a participant credential should be a normal protected owner action—not a separate Supabase authentication ceremony inside the Invite Panel.

A better flow for Kontra

I would recommend email verification as the primary protection, with an optional PIN only when the owner needs to provide access to someone whose email is not known.

Recommended participant flow

Owner enters participant name, role, and email
        ↓
Kontra creates a unique invite record
        ↓
Participant receives a unique, expiring link
        ↓
Participant opens the link
        ↓
One-time code is sent to the invited email
        ↓
Code is verified server-side
        ↓
Short-lived access session is issued
        ↓
Supabase RLS and Storage policies validate that session
        ↓
Only authorized role documents and actions are accessible

Recommended invite record

deal_room_invites
- id
- property_id
- role_key
- invited_email
- token_hash
- status
- expires_at
- accepted_at
- revoked_at
- created_by
- created_at

And an access-session table or signed backend token:

deal_room_access_sessions
- id
- invite_id
- session_token_hash
- expires_at
- revoked_at
- last_used_at

Optional PIN fallback

When email verification is not appropriate:

* Generate a unique PIN per invitation
* Store only its bcrypt or Argon2 hash
* Expire it after a limited period
* Track failed attempts server-side
* Lock the invitation server-side
* Allow the owner to revoke or regenerate it
* Issue a short-lived access token after successful verification
* Enforce that token through RLS or a backend access layer

What I would tell the developer

I do not want the current PIN migration retained in its present form.

My main concern is that verification appears to be enforced through the front end and sessionStorage. The PIN must not simply unlock the React interface; document access, room data, downloads, and role actions must be enforced server-side through Supabase RLS, Storage policies, or a short-lived signed access session issued after verification.

Please revise the design around unique participant invitations rather than one PIN per property and role. Each invite should be independently expirable and revocable.

Required changes:

1. Use a unique invite_id for each participant instead of property_id + role_key as the security credential.
2. Prefer email OTP verification sent to the invited participant’s email.
3. If a PIN fallback is retained, store only the PIN hash and apply failed-attempt tracking and lockout server-side, not in localStorage.
4. After successful verification, issue a short-lived server-verifiable access session.
5. Enforce that access session on all database queries, document metadata, file previews, downloads, and upload actions.
6. Add invite expiration, revocation, PIN regeneration, and an owner-visible access log.
7. Remove the sentinel-hash approach and separate access-status checks from credential verification.
8. Confirm that no room content or storage object can be retrieved by bypassing DealRoomPinGate and querying Supabase directly.
9. Document and test the RLS and Storage policies covering participant access.
10. Correct the security description: the raw PIN is not stored in the database; it is generated, displayed, transmitted, and verified, while only its hash is stored.

The desired experience should remain simple: the owner invites a person by role and email, the participant verifies their email, and Kontra grants only the access assigned to that individual invitation.

Your instinct is right: do not ship this merely because the screen looks protected. For Kontra, confidentiality has to be enforced at the data and storage layers, not at the page-rendering layer.